>> Steve Kinney: All right, so our mission
was to do something very similar to what
we did for creating a new clipping, but
this time taking the most recent clipping,
and writing it back to the clipboard.
So we put down the underlying
foundations for doing that.
We basically just needed to send.
We needed to register a global shortcut,
and
then when that global
shortcut was activated,
then we needed to trigger the message
from the main process to the render.
And have the render go ahead and
do the rest of the work for us.
So let's go ahead and
see if we can implement that.
So in the main process,
very similar to what we have right now,
we can even go ahead and grab that.
>> Steve Kinney: This case, we'll call
writeToClipboardShortcut and
in this case-
>> Steve Kinney: Send
a message to write to the clipboard.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll say write-to-clipboard,
it's very similar to what we had earlier.
>> Steve Kinney: Paste that as well.
That's a change to the main process,
so we will have to restart it, but
before we do that,
let's implement the render process.
The only thing we need to do is not
rush the same keyboard shortcut twice,
I'm not even gonna try to say that word.
All right, so we've got these very
intuitive keyboard commands in place.
Back in our renderer,
we need to basically say-
>> Steve Kinney: handleWriteToClipboard.
When we get that-
>> Steve Kinney: write-to-clipboard
message in place.
>> Steve Kinney: Do npm start.
>> Steve Kinney: Very cool, so
I'm going to copy literally anything
else to my clipboard, that seems good.
Then we'll go over here to do
a Cmd+Shift+2, paste that.
>> Steve Kinney: I say I get
at index zero, all right?
So let's take a look at that.
>> Steve Kinney: And
the write to clipboard function.
>> Steve Kinney: Looks like it's having
a hard time getting that off the state.
>> Speaker 2: It's an object
when you writeToClipboard.
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Steve Kinney: Good catch, I don't even
need to debug when I have friends with me.
[LAUGH] This is why you
write some code hastily and
then have other people do the exercise.
And then when you all come back together,
they've solved your bugs for you.
Yeah.
[LAUGH] That's why you
live code with friends.
Cool, so
we should be able to restart that.
>> Steve Kinney: There we go, I can
copy something else, copy all of that.
I'll hit Cmd + Shift + @, and we'll get
the most recent thing on the clipboard.
All right, cool, so
now we have the ability to have
global keyboard shortcuts anywhere.
I can reach my application,
I can write to my application.